Add upgradable Block Relay (#2)
witnet/witnet-ethereum-block-relay: README.md

The following diagram shows the flow between the WBI and the Block Relay.

<p align=center>
<img src="./images/wbi_br.jpg" width="550">
</p>
<p align=center>
<em>Fig. 1: Connecting the WBI to the Block Relay.</em>
</p>

## BlockRelay based on ABS

The `ABSBlockRelay` is a work in progress contract that implements the Active Bridge Set (ABS) as the set in charge of proposing and posting blocks to the Block Relay. The ABS is a subset of bridge nodes and is updated in the contract when posting a block through the WBI.

A block header is later finalized when 2/3 of the ABS agree on a vote. More precisely, the flow is as follows:

1. During each epoch, the members of the ABS (Active Bridge Set) propose votes for the previous epoch. The vote contains the previous vote that it extends.
2. When the epoch is changed and another vote is proposed, if 2/3 of the members achieved consensus on a vote, the ´postNewBlock´ function is automatically called.
3. When a vote is posted in the Block Relay, the previous votes that extends are finalized as well. If the previous vote is already finalized, it simply asserts that the vote that it extends is the correct one (i.e. the last block).

> The finality implemented in this contract is foundamental for the final purpose of a decentralized block relay. However the use of the ABS as the voting committee must be changed since these nodes are easily sybileable. Check the [Future steps](#future-steps) section to understand better the block relay design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The finality implemented in this contract is foundamental for the final purpose of a decentralized block relay. However the use of the ABS as the voting committee must be changed since these nodes are prone to Sybil attacks. Check the [Future steps](#future-steps) section to learn more about the block relay design.
```

Limitations:

> 1. When a block is finalized by the ABS, it finalizes the previous pending ones (if needed). This means that the members of ABS for an epoch _n_ are the one finalizing votes for epochs in which they could not be members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When a block is finalized by the ABS, it finalizes the previous pending ones (when necessary). This means that the members of ABS for an epoch _n_ are the ones finalizing votes for epochs in which they were not members.
```

> 2. It is needed to implement a non-double-voting modifier that prevents an ABS member voting several times for the same vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. It is necessary to implement a non-double-voting modifier to prevent an ABS member voting several times for the same vote.
```

## Contracts

> This repository contains a proxy and two Block Relay contracts, the first centralized and the second ABS-based.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a proxy and two Block Relay contracts: the first is centralized and the second is ABS-based.
```

### BlockRelayProxy

> The `BlockRelayProxy` is the proxy contract called by the WBI when deployed. It has the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BlockRelayProxy` is the proxy contract called by the WBI when deployed. It contains the following methods:
```

- **upgradeBlockRelay**:
  - _description_: upgrades the address of the block relay.
  - _inputs_:
    - *_newAddress_*: Address of the block relay to be upgraded.

- **getLastBeacon**:
  - _description_: calls the last beacon from the block relay
  - _output_:
    - the last beacon as byte concatenation of (block_hash||epoch).

- **verifyDrPoi**:
  - _description_: verifies the validity of a data request PoI against the DR merkle root
  - _inputs_:
    - *_poi_*: proof of inclusion as [sibling1, sibling2,..].
    - *_blockHash* the blockHash
    - *_index* the index in the merkle tree of the element to verify
    - *_element* the leaf to be verified

- **verifyTallyPoi**:
  - _description_: verifies the validity of a PoI against the tally merkle root
  - _inputs_:
    - *_poi_*: proof of inclusion as [sibling1, sibling2,..].
    - *_blockHash* the blockHash
    - *_index* the index in the merkle tree of the element to verify
    - *_element* the leaf to be verified

### CentralizedBlockRelay

> The `CentralizedBlockRelay` contract has the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CentralizedBlockRelay` contract contains the following methods:
```

  - _inputs_:
    - *_blockHash*: hash of the block header.
  - _output_:
    - tallies-only merkle root hash in the block header.

  **getLastBeacon**:
  - _description_: retrieves the last beacon that was inserted in the block relay.
  - _output_:
    - the last beacon as byte concatenation of (block_hash||epoch).

  **verifyDrPoi**:
  - _description_: verifies the validity of a data request PoI against the DR merkle root
  - _inputs_:
    - *_poi_*: proof of inclusion as [sibling1, sibling2,..].
    - *_blockHash* the blockHash
    - *_index* the index in the merkle tree of the element to verify
    - *_element* the leaf to be verified

- **verifyTallyPoi**:
  - _description_: verifies the validity of a PoI against the tally merkle root
  - _inputs_:
    - *_poi_*: proof of inclusion as [sibling1, sibling2,..].
    - *_blockHash* the blockHash
    - *_index* the index in the merkle tree of the element to verify
    - *_element* the leaf to be verified

### ABSBlockRelay

The `ABSBlockRelay` contract is similar to the `CentralizedBlockRelay` but instead of being centralized, the members of the ABS are in charge of proposing blocks.

> In the following functions differs from the `CentralizedBlockRelay`:

Reviewer: Discuss
```suggestion
The following functions differ from the `CentralizedBlockRelay`:
```

- **proposeBlock**:

>   - _description_: proposes a new block candidate to be considered be added to the block relay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: proposes a new block candidate to be considered for inclusion in the block relay.
```

  - _inputs_:
    - *_blockHash*: Hash of the block header.

>     - *_epoch*: the epoch the block is prposed for, it has to be one epoch previous to the current epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_epoch*: the epoch the block is proposed for: this must be one epoch previous to the current epoch.
```

>     - *_drMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the requests-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_drMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the request-only merkle tree, as contained in the block header.
```

>     - *_tallyMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the tallies-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_tallyMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the tally-only merkle tree, as contained in the block header.
```

>     - *_previousBlock*: the previousVote that this proposed block vote extends.

Reviewer: is the missing space in previousVote intentional?

- **postNewBlock**:
  - _description_: posts a new block into the block relay.
  - _inputs_:

>     - *_vote*: the vote to be posted, this is the hash of the concatenation of the inputs of ´propopseBlock´.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_vote*: the vote to be posted: this is the hash of the concatenation of the inputs of ´proposeBlock´.
```

    - *_blockHash*: Hash of the block header.
    - *_epoch*: the epoch for which the block was proposed.

>     - *_drMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the requests-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_drMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the request-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.
```

>     - *_tallyMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the tallies-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_tallyMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the tally-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.
```

    - *_previousVote*: the previousVote that this posted block vote extends.

## Known limitations:

> - `CentralizedBlockRelay`: as the name suggests, this block relay is centralized, only the deployer of the contract is able to push blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CentralizedBlockRelay`: as the name suggests, this block relay is centralized: only the deployer of the contract is able to push blocks.
```

> - `ABSBlockRelay`: the ABS stays the same until a block is finalized. A block can be proposed more than once by the same ABS member and olny for one epoch before the current epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ABSBlockRelay`: the ABS stays the same until a block is finalized. A block can be proposed more than once by the same ABS member, and only for one epoch before the current epoch.
```

## Future steps

> The next step is to integrate a block relay based on the Active Reputation Set (ARS), whose members had achieved enough reputation and so can be considered honest, please [follow the link][reputation-system] to get further information about the Reputation system in Witnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to integrate a block relay based on the Active Reputation Set (ARS), whose members attained enough reputation so as to be considered honest: please [follow the link][reputation-system] to learn more about how the Reputation system in Witnet works.
```

> By doing so it needed to include the ARS merklelization as well as the proof of memberhip verification. Additionally should be implemented the Finality Gadget and BLS signatures. More details can be found [here][block-relay].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing so, it must include the ARS merklelization, as well as the proof-of-membership verification. Additionally,  the Finality Gadget and BLS signatures should be implemented. More details can be found [here][block-relay].
```

# witnet-ethereum-block-relay

> `witnet-ethereum-block-relay` is an open source implementation of the Block Relay in Witnet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`witnet-ethereum-block-relay` is an open source implementation of Witnet Block Relay for EVM-compatible blockchains.
```

>  DISCLAIMER: this is a work in progress, meaning the contract could be voulnerable to attacks.

Reviewer: this is a work in progress, by which we mean the contract could still be vulnerable to attack. Use at your own risk.

## About WBI and the Block Relay

> The Bridge nodes interact through the Witnet Bridge Interface, a smart contract in charge of facilitating the communication between Witnet and samrt contract platmforms, such as Ethereum (click [here][wbi] for more information).

Reviewer 2: Please @tomsanch proof read this file. Thanks!!!

> The Bridge nodes interact through the Witnet Bridge Interface, a smart contract in charge of facilitating the communication between Witnet and samrt contract platmforms, such as Ethereum (click [here][wbi] for more information).

Reviewer: The Bridge Nodes interact through the Witnet Bridge Interface: a smart contract in charge of facilitating the communication between Witnet and smart contract platforms, such as Ethereum.

> The block headers in Witnet need to be available to the WBI, meaning the WBI should get those headers that should be stored in some contract, the Block Relay, in Witnet. In order to assure the validity of the block headers, the Block Relay needs to guarantee a consensus protocol and a Finality Gadget. The documentation about the stages of the Block Relay can be found [here][block-relay].

Reviewer: I'm confused by this sentence, but I think you mean:

The block headers in Witnet must be available to the WBI, so the WBI should retrieve headers which are then stored in a contract (the Block Relay) in Witnet. In order to ensure the validity of the block headers, the Block Relay must have a Consensus Protocol and a Finality Gadget. The documentation regarding the stages of the Block Relay can be found [here][block-relay].

## Connecting the Bridge and the Block Relay

> Due to the above, the more isolated the Block Relay and the WBI are, the more secure. Considering this, a proxy contract has been implemented, which connects to the WBI and from which the Block Relay is called. This allows to upgrade the Block Relay when needed.

Reviewer: Due to the above, the more isolated the Block Relay and the WBI are, the more secure they are. Considering this, a proxy contract has been implemented, which connects to the WBI, and from which the Block Relay is called. This allows the Block Relay to be upgraded when necessary.

The following diagram shows the flow between the WBI and the Block Relay.

<p align=center>
<img src="./images/wbi_br.jpg" width="550">
</p>
<p align=center>
<em>Fig. 1: Connecting the WBI to the Block Relay.</em>
</p>

## BlockRelay based on ABS

> The `ABSBlockRelay` is a work in progress contract that pretends to implement the Active Bridge Set (ABS) as the set in charge of proposing and posting blocks to the Block Relay. The ABS is updated in the WBI and is a subset of bridge nodes.

Reviewer: I think I need

The `ABSBlockRelay` is a work-in-progress contract that implements the Active Bridge Set (ABS) as the set in charge of proposing and posting blocks to the Block Relay. The ABS is updated in the WBI and is a subset of bridge nodes.

> A block header is later finalized when 2/3 of the ABS agree on a vote. More precisely the flow is as follows:

Reviewer: A block header is later finalized when 2/3 of the ABS agree on a vote. More precisely, the flow is as follows:

> 1. During each epoch, the members of the ABS (Active Bridge Set) propose votes for the previous epoch. The vote contains the previous vote it extends.

Reviewer: During each epoch, the members of the ABS (Active Bridge Set) propose votes for the previous epoch. The vote contains the previous vote that it extends.

> 2. When the epoch is changed and another vote is proposed, automatically, if 2/3 of the members achieved consensus on a vote, the ´postNewBlock´ function is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When the epoch is changed and another vote is proposed, if 2/3 of the members achieved consensus on a vote, the ´postNewBlock´ function is automatically called.
```

> 3. When a vote is posted in the Block Relay, the previous votes that extends are finalized as well. If the previous vote is already finalized, it simply asserts that the vote it extends is the correct one (i.e. the last block).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When a vote is posted in the Block Relay, the previous votes which it extended are finalized as well. If the previous vote is already finalized, the current vote simply asserts that the vote it extends is the correct one (i.e. the last block).
```
